# PO-Sync. 
**Topics for PO-Sync. to discuss between POÂ´s**
Agenda and description re PO-Sync see here in Meetings overview:
https://citz.sp.gov.bc.ca/sites/SBC/REG/Projects/MVSM/_layouts/15/DocIdRedir.aspx?ID=S52QENDTEJAE-1724982671-2193 


----
Feb, 13, 2020
----
1. Refine ideas for "API Gateway": 
https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/entity-5bf2f2164b5806bc2bf60531/issues/bcgov/entity/1088
@Jyoti: invite Thor to that session (see ticket)  

----
Jan, xx, 2020
----
xxxx

----
Jan, 23, 2020
----
1. Discuss abut Business Contact Info - what is the source of truth? Does this info comes from Relationship dashboard and we consume it? or Should we get the information and publish it to Relationship? or Both?
2. Impediments regarding EDB - Decisions needed how to best resolve that? Its impacting everyone.
3. Using Roadmap in ZenHub
4. Using Release tag in ZenHub
5. Follow-up on topics & action items below (last PO-Sync)

----
Jan, 16, 2020
----

1. Decisions needed
- IE 11: Do we want to agree to not support IE 11 overall? It means, users will not be able to open a page with IE11. 
    Reason: It breaks stuff
    - Check with OCIO if needed. IAN Bot to check and provide recommendations to PO. 
        - Tendayi reached out ( 16th Jan). Ian Bot is following up with Robert Walker on this
    - Not Priority. It must fails gracefully
    - Talk to Kaine about the priority of defects
    - Stats of bugs - How many? Priority?
    - Can we recommend on the page that latest version of Chrome is supported?
    
- Issues assigned to "Emmanuel" in ZenHub
    - No problem with Kaine's team.
    -  No Action required from Loren team
    - Most of the things are already handled

- Premium Account - How its impacting Asset's team?
    - Tendayi and Loren team discussed this together on 16th Jan. Links for technaical docs were provided to Tendayi's team.
    - BRP will help to solidify this
    - SM to work out a proess to have the dependencies defined in ZenHub
    - How do we document the interfaces/API ? - Nitin working with Jyoti and see the process flow.
        - This can be shown in Sprint Review

- Not eligible for BCSC - How its impacting Asset's team?
    - This is required by May 2020(Production vs Market). Production vs MArket not clear? 
        - Tendayi to check with Carol.
    - This is still relevant for Lorens team to deliver it by May 2020.
        - W to check with Loren if there is any ticket/issue created?
    - Loren might have dependency on IDIM to deliver it by May 2020.
        - Loren to discuss this with Carol(Is this a throw away work if IDIM comes it with own solution)?
        - Loren to book a check in meeting with IDIM
        - Circulate the solution architecture with THor/Sumesh
        - What is the Epic for this item?
